# SEP11 Freedom Project
by **X**

## Context
I am a student at [HSTAT](https://www.hstat.org/) in the [Software Engineering Program](https://hstatsep.github.io/). The "Freedom Project" for SEP11 is a year-long project all about making something using JavaScript along with a third-party JS tool.

For my project, I chose to independently study **Kaboom** in order to help me make **a zombie shooter game**. This is to show what we learned from javascript for the past year. 

## Links

[Product](https://henghuil9483.github.io/projects/game.html)


[Presentation Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16rx2J3gGs-KtWtMo9VOABAhZA_LPgdFCQvozfFPd5OQ/edit#slide=id.p)


## Implications
##### PROS
* For global, a positive impact of this game can be popularity of this game leading to more cultural exchange and connections. It can also be used as a tool for stress relief.
* For government and laws, a positive impact of this game can be used to support the gaming industry which can lead to economic growth.
* For the environment, a postive impact of this game is it doesn't require much space, just a phone or laptop.
* For relationships, a positive impact can be family bonding through playing this game
* For Jobs, a positive impact can be streamers who play this game and earn money
##### CONS
* For global, a negative impact of this game can be too much screen time which can lead to addiction. 
* For government and laws, a negative impact of this game can be government intervention to protect minors from the content rating.
* For the environemnt, a negative impact of this game is the waste generated by the production of consoles for the game
* For relationships, a negative impact can be priotizing this game over a loved one
* For jobs, a negative impact can be job displacements.

## Blog
Below you will find my blog about how I made my project.

* [Entry 1](blog/entry01.md)
* [Entry 2](blog/entry02.md)
* [Entry 3](blog/entry03.md)
* [Entry 4](blog/entry04.md)
* [Entry 5](blog/entry05.md)
* [Entry 6](blog/entry06.md)
* [Entry 7](blog/entry07.md)
* [Entry 8](blog/entry08.md)
* [Entry 9](blog/entry09.md)
* [Entry 10](blog/entry10.md)
